Steven Erickson
100 Taunton St, Unit B215
Plainville, MA 02762
508-579-0764

Highly capable marketing professional with 12+ years experience with B2B companies and a proven track record of successful lead generation, campaign strategy, and utilizing KPIs to drive results, brand identity, and optimizing omnichannel communications. Seeking opportunity to continue achieving and surpassing marketing targets with customer centric strategies. 

Work Experience

Lenze Americas
Uxbridge, MA
Digital Experience Manager
03/2022 to present
Understand customer needs, perform competitive analysis, user testing and develop insight to aid in the development of the digital customer experience strategy and inform design decisions.
- Visualize concepts to represent user journeys, personas, goals and information models.
- Collaborate with the marketing team, sales team and product managers to create, implement and optimize an indirect channel ecommerce strategy and other digital sales strategies.
- Assisting with the organization's digital transformation efforts.

Lenze Americas
Uxbridge, MA
07/2018 to 03/2022
Marketing Programs Specialist
Responsible for identifying, developing, and managing the integrated marketing programs that support the development and execution of the North American Sales and Marketing plan. Main focus on development and support of Lenze's large network of distributors.
- Maintained and enhanced key tools for distribution network.
- Developed and executed digital marketing campaigns for lead generation and brand awareness
- Led team in Americas market to relaunch e-commerce store.

LendingClub
Westboro, MA
04/2016 to 06/2018
Associate Brand Manager
Managed the lead generation efforts for LendingClub Patient Solution's dental business.
- Gathered industry data and trends to support strategic development of lead generation marketing campaigns
- Managed launches and longer-term maintenance of marketing campaigns in various channels
- Leveraged internal data, lead primary market research initiatives, and accessed secondary research
- Identified opportunities and recommended new media sources, product, process, and pricing improvements

Dentsply Sirona
Waltham, MA
04/2014 to 04/2016
Regional Marketing Coordinator
Provided education, co-marketing, and collateral support to 40+ sales representatives for their accounts.
- Organized local educational programs, tradeshow activities and facility tours
- Developed targeted marketing collateral for sales reps consistent with the corporate brand
- Provided practice development and co-marketing support for key accounts

Skills
UX design, User experience, User interface design, Usability design, User research, Prototyping, Prototype design, Usability testing, UX research, Wireframing, Adaptability, Project management, Data analysis, Problem-solving, Information architecture, Front-end programming, Adobe products, Figma, HTML & HTML 5, JavaScript, CSS, CSS3, Python, Interaction design, Responsive web design,  Collaboration, Innovation, Cross-team communication, HubSpot, Lead Generation

Education
Southern New Hampshire University
Manchester, NH
2011 to 2014
Bachelor's Degree Marketing
GPA 3.89